---
layout: default
title: CFP
---

# Call for Participants

The 2024 SaTC Aspiring PI workshop is open to current and soon-to-be appointed faculty members who qualify for submitting a grant proposal to the National Science Foundation  [Secure and Trustworthy Cyberspace (SaTC)](https://new.nsf.gov/funding/opportunities/secure-trustworthy-cyberspace-satc) program. The workshop is planned to be held **Thursday-Friday, May 9-10, 2024 in person on the University of Chicago campus in Chicago, IL.** Participation in the workshop is by invitation based on applications submitted by interested researchers. To apply, **please submit all application materials by {{site.deadline}}; the submission site will be opened in the coming days**.

In addition to basic information, the application asks applicants to provide supplementary material during the submission in PDF format:

- an NSF-style CV (as generated by [SciENcv](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sciencv/))
- a short (maximum of 2 pages) statement of intention (1) describing why the applicant wishes to attend the Aspiring PI workshop and what they hope to gain from attendance and (2) summarizing in a paragraph or two a research proposal the applicant would hope to develop into a longer summary if they are selected for the workshop

Participation in the workshop is open to researchers with the following qualifications:

- Researchers must have principal investigator (PI) status for submitting to NSF programs either currently or as of Fall 2024. Typically, current faculty members or final-year postdocs and PhD students who expect to have PI status in Fall 2024 are eligible.

- Participants must have core research interests in security, privacy, and trustworthy computing as defined in solicitation [NSF 24-504](https://www.nsf.gov/pubs/2024/nsf24504/nsf24504.htm).

- Participants may not have been awarded funding (currently, previously, or in process/pending) from NSF SaTC or any of its predecessor programs (e.g., Trustworthy Computing, Cyber Trust). However, prospective participants who have previously submitted to SaTC but who have had those proposals declined are eligible and highly encouraged to apply for participation. Prospective participants who have a proposal currently under review by SaTC, but who have not received the award, are also eligible. Having received prior NSF funding from other (non-SaTC) programs does not disqualify the potential participant, but preference will be given to prospective participants who have not received any NSF funding as a PI. Note that NSF funding received as students (e.g., the NSF GRFP fellowship, student travel grants, being paid from their PhD advisor's grant) do not impact eligibility.
 
If invited to the workshop, you will be asked to prepare and submit at least one week before the workshop a 3-5 page summary of a research project proposal that will be developed and expanded as part of the activities during the workshop.

**Please Note**: Submissions and executive summaries will not be made public, even in the case of accepted participants. These materials are asked by the organizers solely for the purpose of making invitation decisions and to enhance the workshop experience. Decisions will be made subject to availability of space.

**We hope to provide travel grants covering most or all of the costs of attending this workshop (travel, meals, lodging) for applicants who are selected to participate**.

